and the two most beloved martial bands of the angels
they came together turning a dream into reality eduardo white witnessed
This first meeting has our
it's the music of reality
the eaglets arrived at the driving range of the 'trojans' band
of southern california where all the music and party because the hobbies
they received them with their official anthem
the young members of the band from Puebla look closely at the dynamics
of the university band at the end of the day their music and their presentations
they have a lot to do with the Trojans
achilles and maximizes especially a fan of the pri is no longer macho man
therefore you should play covers and themes of where in maxim go specifically
of the Trojans
b the musical expression of the poblanos also integrates its own roots
obviously we love this earth
this one we not only owe the Latin flavor that
where there is no other of this sport in our country buy
even with the difference of languages
music brotherhood to these two bands that at the end of the practice greets
driving in what is in Puebla words
is a mere mass in a couple of days will have to mark the two in the parade
of the roses which means a big commitment because you had maximum
national best
demands
in all the united states and now they shared the musical responsibility
among the massera countries a great pride
after receiving a warm welcome from the members
from the 'los collados' band from southern california
the eaglets will spend the rest of the day in universal studies because
tomorrow a long day awaits
from the angels from eduardo blanco news univision 34